We get the header in place, now how you proceed depends on how you work on such projects.
Generally I also do make a plan before starting but here, I think it's a great chance or a great thing
to finish the things we see, so the portfolio and the stocks component here,
so the stock part, these parts of the application so that we can see which features will these components
have in the end, so that we're able to derive
how it should be managed, the state for that and so on.
Therefore what I want to work on next is the stocks component which includes not only the grid of stocks
but of course also the individual stock items.
So that's your next challenge, start working on that,
keep in mind that the stocks component is only a grid for the individual stock and the individual
stock has features like the name of the stock, it has the price and you also want to take into account
that you get an input field and a buy button
and of course you only want to let the user buy if the input field is not empty and if a valid number
was entered and if the number is greater than zero.
So these are kinds of things to keep in mind, with that
good luck,
I'll start working on this in the next video.